Effective Date: 01/07/2022
QuizzBrainstorm is founded on the principle of helping people discover new knowledge in an easy and fun way. We know that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy very seriously. By using QuizzBrainstorm application (the "Application", "we", "us"), you are accepting the practices outlined in this policy. The column on the right provides a short explanation of the privacy policy and is not legally binding.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email (Support@Quizoid.info).
What information we collect:
We collect information in a few different ways:
1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
When you sign up for or use QuizzBrainstorm, you give us certain information voluntarily. This includes your name, email address, profile photo, and any other information you give us. You can also choose to share with us location data, age, or gender.
If you log-in using a social media (such as Facebook or Google+) log-in, you are granting permission to the social media service to share your user details with us. This may include your name, email address, date of birth (which we will use to screen for children under 13 years of age, once the screening is complete we will store the age only), photo, and location, which will then be used to create a QuizzBrainstorm identity. These social media services may use information about your visit to QuizzBrainstorm on their pages. If you browse these pages while still logged in to your account with us, information they collect may be connected to your account on their Website. For more information on how these social media services use information, please review their privacy policies.
If you link your Facebook, Twitter, or Google account to QuizzBrainstorm, we also get information from those accounts (such as your friends or contacts). The information we get from those services depends on your settings and their privacy policies, so please check what those are.
2. We also get technical information when you use QuizzBrainstorm
Whenever you use any website, mobile application or other internet service, certain information gets created and logged automatically. The same is true when you use QuizzBrainstorm. Here are some of the types of information we collect:
Log data. When you use QuizzBrainstorm, our servers record information (“log data”). This log data includes your Internet Protocol address, approximate location and time zone, the date and time of your request, operating system, language, and device data. We collect the duration of your visits, your actions on these visits (for example, views, clicks, likes or comments on content, or interactions with social media features)
Device information. In addition to log data, we collect information about the device you’re using QuizzBrainstorm on, including type of device, settings, unique device identifiers and crash data that helps us understand when something breaks. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings. For example, different types of information are available depending on whether you’re using an iPhone or Android phone. To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider. We also automatically record your Google Advertising ID (if you are using an Android device) or your advertising Identifier (IDFA – if you are using an iOS device), for advertising purposes. The Google Advertising ID is an anonymous identifier, provided by Google Play services. If your device has an Advertising ID, we collect and use it for advertising and user analytics purposes. Further, we may use other persistent identifiers for non-advertising purposes. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we will use other persistent identifiers. The information collected may also be stored on your device.
We do not collect any billing information. All the necessary information that is required to process the charges is collected by the relevant payment service providers of App Store or Google Play. Purchases of third-party services are subject to their privacy policies applicable to such providers. We may collect only the information needed to track your purchase.
How we use your information:
We use the information we collect to provide the Service to you. We commit to showing you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you. To do that, it’s necessary for us to use your information to:
Identify you when you use QuizzBrainstorm and track your progress in the game. We track score points, achievements, levels, and coins you earn playing the game.
Display your profile and your achievements to other users, show your active status or presence on our Service. For example, your name, related photo, and score may be displayed in different kinds of competitions for other players to see.
Recommend quizzes or categories you might like based on your activity on QuizzBrainstorm and your location. For example, if we see you’re into history, we may suggest history quizzes.
Communicate with you. We send you updates by push notification, depending on your settings. For example, we send you a notification about new life available for you to start playing right away. You can decide to stop getting these notifications by updating your settings. However, please note that in all cases you will continue to receive all system notifications and legal notices (for example, updates to our policies) from us.
In addition, and for similar reasons, we have a legitimate interest in using your information in these ways. It is also fundamental to the nature of the Service we provide. In short, it’s necessary for us to do these things in order to make the Service relevant, interesting and personal to you like we promised, and it’s in both of our interests for us to do that.
We also have a legitimate interest to improve QuizzBrainstorm, maintain our relationship with you, and protect users. We both benefit when we use your information to:
Help your friends and contacts find you on QuizzBrainstorm. For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we can help your Facebook friends find you on QuizzBrainstorm when they first sign up for QuizzBrainstorm.
Conduct analytics on who is using QuizzBrainstorm and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people visit the Competition page, we can understand how important this feature is.
Improve QuizzBrainstorm, offer new features.
Respond to your requests in the feedback section.
Track down cheating, prevent players from accessing the website for abuse, spam, illegal activities, account infractions.
Work with law enforcement and keep QuizzBrainstorm safe. We may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our Law Enforcement Guidelines.
How long we keep your information:
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide the Service to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy, or until your account is deleted - whichever comes first. This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't identify you. Read our Data Retention Policy
If you have not used your QuizzBrainstorm account in the last 12 months then your account may be deleted in line with this privacy policy. In case your quizzes are used in the Service we will not delete your account until your request.
How can you delete or manage information about you?
Our goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices regarding your information. If you have a QuizzBrainstorm account, many of the choices you have on QuizzBrainstorm are built directly into your settings. For example, you can:
Delete your account at any time. You can initiate the deletion of your account in the ‘Account settings’ section of your profile in the application (Menu/Privacy/Account settings/Delete account). When you delete your account, we’ll deactivate it and remove all of your comments and quizzes you created. The full process of removing your data from our storage systems is described in our Data Retention Policy
Edit information in your profile at any time.
Link or unlink your QuizzBrainstorm account from Facebook
Access the information we hold about you. We'll usually share this with you within 7 days of you asking us for it.
You also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access QuizzBrainstorm. For example, your mobile device lets you change your notification settings or completely unsubscribe from all the notifications or choose how and whether your location, photos, advertising identifiers and other data is shared with us.
To learn more about these choices, please see the information provided by your device or software provider.
If you're an EEA user, you also can:
Have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, where it's technically feasible.
Complain to a regulator. If you're based in the EEA and think that we haven't complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission or with your local supervisory authority.
If you're a California resident, you also can exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. Please visit our Do Not Sell My Personal Information page for more details.
Transferring your information
QuizzBrainstorm is a worldwide service. By using QuizzBrainstorm, you authorize us to transfer, store and process your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your information in these countries may not be the same as in your home country.
We take additional measures when information is transferred from the European Economic Area (EEA). This includes having standard clauses approved by the European Commission in our contracts with parties that receive information outside the EEA. We also rely on European Commission adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, for data transfers to countries outside the EEA.
With whom is your information shared:
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties, whom we share your information with, so we can provide your QuizzBrainstorm experience, make sure our customization is effective and comply with laws that apply to us. We share your information with:
Other services (like Facebook, Twitter or Google) when you decide to link your QuizzBrainstorm account to those services or publish your activity on QuizzBrainstorm to them. For example, you can choose to publish your achievements to Facebook or Twitter.
Third party companies or individuals that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising, Measurement and Analytics Services (Non-Personally Identifiable Information Only), that we use to audit or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content in the application (for example, through Firebase). Learn more about the companies we share information with.
Law enforcement agencies or government agencies. We only share information if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or QuizzBrainstorm; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
New owner. If the ownership or control of all or part of our Services or their assets changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Please remember that the content that you submit to the Service, including your quizzes or comments you post, and content you submit to your profile page is accessible to anyone on the Internet. Please avoid submitting any content that is private or confidential, or any content that you do not want to be used and viewed by others. You are solely responsible for any legal or other repercussions that occur as a result of your content, and we do not assume any responsibility or liability which may arise from your User Content.
How do we protect your information?
The security of your personal information is important to us. We maintain a variety of appropriate technical and organizational safeguards to protect your personal information. We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide the Service to you or in order to do their jobs. Further, we have implemented reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to protect personal information about you. When you use our application, we encrypt that information in transit using industry-standard Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption technology. No method of transmission over the Internet, method of electronic storage or other security methods are one hundred percent secure. Therefore, while we strive to use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.To learn more please see our Security policy.
Children’s privacy
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our application, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. If you are under the age of 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name or email address. In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you are based in the EEA you may only use our Service if you are over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing under the laws of your country or if verifiable parental consent for your use of QuizzBrainstorm has been provided to us. If you are a parent and you learn that your child is using QuizzBrainstorm and you don't want them to, please contact us at Support@Quizoid.info
