1.TERM OF USE
1.1 These Terms of Use (the “Terms”) are a legal and binding agreement between users (“Users”, “User” or “you”) and QUIZOID (“QUIZOID”, “we” or “us”) in relation to all applications provided by us (collectively, the “Services”).

1.2. By downloading, installing and using our Services, Users agree to be bound by these Terms and our Privacy Policy.

1.3. Users must be at least 13 years of age to access the Services and Content. If Users are under 18 years of age, they may only access the Services with their parent or legal guardian consent, provided that their legal representative agrees to be bound by these Terms.

In addition to these Terms, we may ask you to accept additional terms that apply to specific features, promotions, products or services (including, but not limited to, posted fees, billing procedures, promotion rules, subscription services, special sections or functions of the application). To the extent any additional terms conflict with these Terms, the additional terms govern with respect to your access to or use of the applicable feature, promotions, product or service.

If you are a parent or legal guardian of a user under the age of 18, you acknowledge that:

(i) you will be bound by these Terms and any applicable additional terms and
(ii) are fully responsible for the acts or omissions of such user in connection with our Services.
* Please refer to our Privacy Policy to learn more about how we collect, use and disclose your personal information.

2. THE SERVICES
2.1. We grant Users a personal, non-transferable, non-assignable, non-exclusive and revocable limited license to use our Services and software and to install our mobile apps on your device. Please remember that such license is subject to these Terms and is for the sole purpose of enabling your own personal private use of the Services. The Services may change or being modified from time to time, without prior notice. We may, at our own discretion, cease totally or partially, and/or permanently or temporarily the provision of the Services or Users accounts without prior notice.

The provided license does not include any right to:

sell, resell or commercially use our Services;
copy, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform or publicly display the Services, except as expressly permitted by us or our licensors;
modify the Services, remove any proprietary rights notices or markings, or otherwise make any derivative uses of our Services;
reverse engineer any aspect of our Services or do anything that might discover source code or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any part of our Services; or
use our Services other than for their intended purposes.
Any use of our Services other than as specifically authorized herein, without our prior written permission, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein.

2.2. The Services may include advertisements, which may be targeted to the Content or information on the Services, queries made through the Services, or any other information. In consideration for us granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that QUIZOID. and its third-party providers and partners may place such advertising on the Services or in connection with the display of Content or information from the Services whether submitted by you or others.

2.3. Any charges related to Users for accessing the Services, including but not limited to an Internet connection and/or mobile or data charges are the full responsibility of such Users.

3. IN-GAME
3.3. We do not allow and clearly prohibit the use of tips, tricks to cheat in the game as well as deliberately earn money and break the system of the game.
When we discover that you cheat, use tips, tricks in the game, we have the right to ban and cancel your account and do not pay the money you have cheated to get to get

4. OUR CONTENT
4.1. All materials and contents displayed, included, incorporated, uploaded, posted, published, contributed, performed and/or used on our apps, including, without limitation, any games, quizzes, lists, feeds, text, graphics, logos, photographs, images, software, audio, video, animations and themes (collectively, "Content"), other than the User Content (as defined below), are:

(i) the sole property of QUIZOID. and/or third parties (as applicable),

(ii) protected by applicable intellectual property rights, including copyright laws, and

(iii) intended solely for the personal use of Users and may only be used in accordance with the Terms hereof.

4.2 All trademarks, service marks, and trade names (including the company name and logo), whether registered or not, are proprietary of our company and/or third parties and you may not use and/or copy them, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission or any relevant third party. In addition to any right or remedy available to QUIZOID. in accordance to any applicable law, Users shall abide by all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services.

4.3 No rights or licenses are granted, expressly or by implication, to you by QUIZOID. with respect to any proprietary information, patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property right, whether registered or not, except as expressly provided in these Terms.

4.4 Except as explicitly specified herein, Users may not download, copy, modify, publish, transmit, upload, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create derivative works based on, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, the Content or any part thereof. Without derogating from the generality of the aforesaid, downloading, copying, or storing any Content for any purpose (including, without limitation, for personal, noncommercial use) is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from us, or from the copyright holder identified in the applicable Content\'s copyright notice.

4.5 We do not have any responsibility for any Content contained in or accessed through the Services, and make no warranties or representations concerning any such Content. In addition, we will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services, and Users irrevocably and fully release us from any and all responsibility and liability in connection with such Content.

5. USER CONTENT GUIDELINES
5.1 Functionality on the Services may allow you to create and translate questions (the "User Items") and to upload, post, incorporate and contribute Contents to the Services as part of the User Items (together with the User Items, the "User Content"). All User Content uploaded, posted, incorporated or otherwise contributed to the Services by User shall be owned by User (as between the parties hereto), but you are hereby granting us:

(i) an irrevocable, perpetual non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid, sub-licensable right and license, to use, exploit, copy, download, publish, display, make available to the public, distribute, amend, modify, create derivative works and store such User Content and to allow others to do so for any purpose, including in order to provide or enable the Services; and

(ii) an irrevocable, perpetual exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid, sub-licensable right and license, to use, copy, download, publish, display, make available to the public, broadcast, distribute, amend, modify, create derivative works and store the User Content for any purpose, including in order to provide or enable the Services (collectively the "User Licenses"). For the avoidance of doubt, User Licenses shall remain in full force and effect also after the termination of User’s use of the Services, for any reason whatsoever.

5.2 User warrants and represents that:

(i) the User Content is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations; and

(ii) User has the full and unrestricted right and authority to grant the User Licenses to us and upload, post, incorporate and publish the User Content though the Services, all without infringing or violating any copyrights, privacy rights, publicity rights, trademarks or any other contractual, intellectual property or proprietary of any third party.

(iii) User may not promote violence against, threaten, or harass other people on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, caste, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, or serious disease.

(iv) User may not post political, religious, violent or adult content in his/her/its Our app Profile or any of our Services. User acknowledge that profanity, vulgarity, racism and hate speech are not allowed in any User Name or visual Content you add to the WebSite including your Our app Profile.

(v)User further warrants and undertakes that he/she/it shall be solely responsible for any User Content that User shall create, submit, publish or share on the Services and for any damage or loss to User or any other third party resulting therefrom, and that User shall assume all risk in connection therewith. The User shall indemnify and hold us or anyone on its behalf from any liability, cost, damage and expense (including reasonable legal fees) caused due to and/or by the User Content, as further specified.

(vi) Our app reserves the right to remove without notice content that glorifies violence, political or religious propaganda or humiliation of others because it may create an environment that discourages participation. In the event of failure to comply with these Guidelines, Our app may also ban you out of the Services or delete your Account at any time without notice.

5.3 User expressly acknowledges and agrees that we have no control over, and no duty to monitor or take any other action regarding which Contents are uploaded, posted or incorporated in or through the Services. We reserve the right (but do not have any obligation) to remove, disable access, edit, modify or otherwise manipulate User Content from the Services, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, without limitation, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties relating to such User Content or if we suspect that you may have violated these Terms).

5.4 Although we will exercise reasonable efforts to preserve the materials stores on the Services, you are solely responsible for creating back-ups of your User Content, and we shall not be responsible or liable in any way for the failure to preserve your User Content.

In addition, if you send us feedback or suggestions via e-mail or otherwise regarding the Services, you acknowledge that we may use them at our sole discretion, without any obligation to compensate you in any manner for such feedback or suggestions.

6. USERS ACCOUNTS
6.1. Users are responsible for safeguarding the password they use to access the Services. We encourage Users to use strong passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lower-case letters, numbers and symbols) with the accounts. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Users failure to comply with the above.

6.2. You must maintain the security of your account and account credentials, and you are responsible for any activities on your account and promptly notify us if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your permission. If you permit others to use your account credentials, you are responsible for the activities of those users.

7. THIRD PARTY CONTENT
7.1. For Users’ convenience, we may provide links to certain third parties\' websites, applications or features or referrals to certain third parties’ products or services that are beyond our control. If you choose to visit such third party’s website or use its products or services, please be aware that such third party’s own terms of use and privacy policy will apply and govern your activities and any information you disclose while interacting with such third parties.

7.2. We do not make any representation or warranty whatsoever about such third party's websites, services or products. We also do not endorse and cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase or download from such third parties, and are not responsible or liable in any manner for your interaction with such third parties. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any third parties.

8. RESTRICTIONS
8.1 We respect the intellectual property of others and take the protection of copyrights and any other intellectual property rights very seriously, and we ask our users to act the same. Accordingly, User warrants, represents and undertakes that User will not, and will not permit or authorize third parties to, use the Services in any way, and will not upload, display, post, incorporate and/or contribute to or through the Services any material or content (including User Content), that:

infringes, violates, misuse or otherwise interferes with any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right or contractual rights of any third party;
reveals any trade secret of others, unless User has procured the owner’s permission to do so.
8.2 User further warrants, represents and undertakes that User will not, and will not permit or authorize third parties to, use the Services in any way, and will not upload, display, post, incorporate and/or contribute to the Services any material or content (including User Content), that:

is defamatory, abusive, harassing, threatening, racially, or constitute an invasion of a right of privacy of another person, or otherwise offensive, violent, vulgar, obscene, or otherwise harms or can reasonably be expected to harm any person or entity;
are illegal or encourages or advocates illegal activity;
post or transmit any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any other user of the Services;
post any false, inaccurate or incomplete material or delete or revise any material that was not posted by User;
contain viruses, trojan horse, worm, or any other computer programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of the Services or any system, computer software, hardware or telecommunications equipment;
create a false identity or impersonate another person;
“stalk” or otherwise harass another or is antisocial, disruptive, or destructive, including "flaming," "spamming," "flooding," "trolling," and "griefing" as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet; or
violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation.
8.3 In addition, except as expressly authorized herein, you will not, and will not permit or authorize third parties to:

take any action intended to circumvent or disable the operation of any security feature or measure of the Services;
publish, distribute, sell, disclose, market, sublicense, rent, lease, display, provide, transfer or make available the Services, or any portion thereof, to any third party;
decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, enhance, or otherwise make any attempt to discover the source code of, modify, reproduce, or create derivative works from the Services or any part thereof;
access any Content on the Services via automated means, including by crawling, scraping, caching or otherwise (except as may be the result of standard search engine protocols or technologies used by a search engine with our express consent); or
use the Services in any manner that is illegal or not authorized by these Terms.

9. DEFAULT AND TERMINATION
9.1 The license granted to Users under these Terms is effective until terminated. We may terminate or suspend your license, account and access to the Services and/or to specific Content immediately, without prior notice or liability, if User breaches, or fail to comply with, any of the terms hereof, or in any case of fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity. In which case, User’s right to use the Services and access any Content will immediately cease. All provisions of these Terms which by their nature should survive termination (including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability) shall remain in full force and effect following termination thereof, for any reason whatsoever. Termination of User’s access to and use of the Services shall not relieve User of any obligations arising or accruing prior to such termination or limit any liability which User otherwise may have to us, including without limitation any indemnification obligations contained herein.

9.2 We may also terminate or suspend your license, account and access to the Services and/or to specific Content, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies which we may have, immediately upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i) you are involved in any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding or any other proceeding concerning insolvency, dissolution, cessation of operations, reorganization or indebtedness or the like and the proceeding is not dismissed within thirty (30) days;

(ii) you become insolvent or unable to pay your debts as they mature in the ordinary course of business or make an assignment for the benefit of your creditors;

(iii) You become a party to a merger or consolidation, transfers all or substantially all of your business and/or assets to a third party and in our sole opinion, a material conflict of interest occurs with respect to the retention of the Services; or

(iv) We believe that improper use of the Services has occurred or is about to occur.

9.3 We are not responsible for any loss or harm related to your inability to access or use our Services.

10. NO WARRANTY
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS SOLELY WITH YOU. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SPECIFIED OTHERWISE HEREIN, THE SERVICES ARE SUPPLIED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE USE OF THEM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR WILL MEET YOUR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO ANY APPLICABLE LAW, WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS AND DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, AVAILABILITY, SECURITY, COMPATIBILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR COMPLETENESS.

11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR OPERABILITY OF THE MATERIAL, CONTENT OR SERVICES PROVIDED. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY HARM, LOSS AND/OR DAMAGE RESULTING FROM AND/OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE AND/OR ACCESS THEREOF, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY HARM, LOSS AND/OR DAMAGE THAT: (I) RESULTS FROM THE SUSPENSION, MODIFICATION, DISCONTINUANCE OR LACK OF AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES; (II) RESULTS FROM UNAUTHORIZED USE, TEMPORARY OR PERMANENT NON-PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES, ERRORS OR OMISSIONS (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATIONS, DUE TO MAINTENANCE, UPGRADES AND REPAIRS OR DUE TO FAILURE OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS LINKS AND EQUIPMENT); (III) RELATES TO DOWNLOADING OR POSTING CONTENT; OR (IV) RESULTS FROM ANY VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, OR ANY SIMILAR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE PROGRAM.

YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RIGHT AND REMEDY IN CASE OF DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SERVICES OR ANY OTHER GRIEVANCE SHALL BE YOUR TERMINATION AND DISCONTINUATION OF ACCESS TO, OR USE OF THE SERVICES.

12. INDEMNIFICATION
Upon our first demand, you will indemnify and hold us, our shareholders, directors, officers and employees, harmless from any liability, cost, damage and expense (including reasonable legal fees) caused due to and/or by your access to the Services, use of the Services, violation of these Terms, or violation or infringement of any rights (including, without limitation, copyrights and/or other intellectual property rights) of a third party through use of the Services.

13. PRIVACY POLICY
Users acknowledge and agree that we may collect certain data and other information about User through the Services. Our collection and use of such information is governed by our Privacy Policy. By using our Services, you acknowledge that you have also reviewed our Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions.

14. COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
We respect the intellectual property of others and ask that you do too. We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the law, and such notices should be reported using our DMCA Policy. We reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing and terminate accounts of repeat infringers. Our designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement on the Services is:
Email: Support@Quizoid.info

15. CHANGES TO TERMS
These Terms, along with our Privacy Policy, constitute the entire agreement between QUIZOID and you, with respect to the use of the Services licensed hereunder, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter. We may update these Terms from time to time, with or without notice. When we do, we will post the amended Terms to our Services. We encourage you to review these Terms regularly for any changes. If you continue to use the Services after any such changes, you will be subject to the most current version of these Terms. If any modification is unacceptable to you, you may cease using our Services. If you do not cease using our Services, you will be deemed to have accepted those modifications.

16. JURISDICTIONAL AND VENUE ISSUES
These Terms shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of VietNam, excluding its conflict and choice of laws principles. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services shall be filed, and that venue properly lies, only in competent courts located in VietNam, and you hereby consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.

17. MISCELLANEOUS
17.1. We may assign at any time any of its rights and/or obligations hereunder to any third party without User’s consent.

17.2. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.

17.3 Our failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed by us in writing.

17.4 FACEBOOK DISCLAIMER: "The provided Services are not a part of the Facebook website or Facebook Inc. Additionally, the Services are NOT endorsed by Facebook in any way. FACEBOOK is a trademark of FACEBOOK, Inc."

18. CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any further questions please contact us via Contact Us form or send us a letter to:
Support@Quizoid.info